So I'm back in the Recipe Book.
As we left it at the end of the last course module at the end of the last section where we built this
app and I want to start by creating the pages will need as already mentioned we're going to need two
new pages.
We're now let's generate them manually or with this slide generate page and I'll need a sign up page
and a sign in page you could of course also try combining both into one page but to make the features
really distinct and to really highlight what's happening on each page I'm going to generate two different
pages.
So does add add those new pages to my pages folder or here sign in and sign up and the next step of
course is to fold them with some life and also to implement a side menu sort of we could actually reach
them now for now since we haven't implemented any authentication logic I will make them always reachable.
So even if we're already in the running recipe book application because right now we only got this as
again we don't have a way of self-educating a user on one side menus so that we're always able to see
those pages whilst we're building that then as a next step we're going to implement that authentication.
Therefore since it would be nice to be able to go to those pages and see them in action I will start
by building a site menu and I will start building it in the app age html file in the next video.
Because if you remember this from the first app we built this is a great place to implement the side
menu to tell it that we want to use this route navigation stack and replaced the route page of this
deck depending on the menu item we chose.
Now that would be a nice exercise and challenge for you to implement this side menu on your own.
Feel free to go back to the first epi bolt where we implemented the side menu too.
If you need some repetition and with that I can only wish you good luck.
What we'll need is a side menu is a button to bring us back to our recipe book app to our main app to
Lotus tap's page and then and forth.
You sign up and sign in page.
And lastly a button which allows us to log out all of you are free to search for some fitting icons
in the icon repository and I will solve this together with you and implement the Cybermen with you in
the next lecture.